# GPU-based cores for spark-based graph processing system

This project is part of another project "spark-based graph processing system". However, it also can be run independently by executing several test programs built in.

The purpose of this project is to fully utilize the computing ability of emerging hardware and to accelerate heavy computation tasks such graph processing for distributed system, as well as to achieve well-behaved workload balancing and task scheduling for GPU processing kernel by using managers built in distributed system.

## System Requirement

A suitable C++14 compiler is necessary (such as clang, g++-5 and so on)

Also, you still need a cmake with version newer than 3.9 to compile it easily, but it's no matter whether you use cmake or not.

## Config
There are few things to be configured when using this core. Although, if you want to specify some GPU runtime parameter, please check GPUconfig.h in {project_path}/include.

## Installation

This project includes a simple script for UNIX-like system to compile automatically. Just run the autoBuild.sh in {project_path}

```
./autoBuild.sh
```

and you will find executables in {project_path}/build/bin

Also, you can compile this project manually but easily by following standard instructions of compiling a cmake-based project. A example for this can be showed as follows.

```
cd {project_path}
rm -rf build
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make -j$procs
```

You can also executables in {project_path}/build/bin if you compiled this projects like this

## Usage

When executing algo_xxx_test, you should make sure that there is a file called "testGraph.txt" in the same directory where algo_xxx_test locates. This file can be generated by executing util_RandGraphGen by passing proper parameters.

## Parts finished

Definitions for core structures and classes

GPU kernel for Bellman-Ford algorithm

## Todo List

GPU kernels for other graph algorithms

Kernel function optimizations